=DOMAIN ANALYSIS=

	Domain analysis for social services community project is done by considering 4 important features. These are:
1.	Customer and user profiles
2.	Design, usability, environment, size and suitability
3.	Advantages & Disadvantages
4.	Technologies used in development

According to these criteria, 2 websites which are similar to our project is examined. These websites are ‘Servisimo.com’ and ‘VolunteerMatch’. 

==SERVISIMO.COM==
	Servisimo is a web site that connects service providers and people that demand service.
	The main difference with our Project is that they have taken from the service providers. 
	In addition to this, our project will provide the definitions of the services and social credit for services. Our project will also provide ratings about service providers and offerers, servisimo does not.



*1. USERS*
#	People who
#	Want to buy service
#	see the offers 
#	compare the offers 
#	and select the best offer
#	make an appointment to buy the service
#	Want to offer service
#	present their profile
#	make offers for demands
#	get the offer accepted
#	make an appointment to give the service

*2. DESIGN, USABILITY, ENVIRONMENT, SIZE, SUITABILITY*

#	Design: Simple, not complicated, efficient.
#	Usability: Easy to understand and use, user friendly.
#	Environment: Web environment, easily accessible from everywhere.
#	Size: Limited. Covers services just for Istanbul. 
#	Suitability: Suitable for any other demand-supply services.

*3. ADVANTAGES & DISADVANTAGES*

ADVANTAGES:
#	Simple and efficient usage of the web-site for both service provider and service demander.
#	Trustworthy place to look for getting or giving services.
#	Time saving.
#	Accessible from everywhere via internet.
DISADVANTAGES:
#	Cannot see the offers without making a demand.
#	Limited. Just for Istanbul, does not include any other cities.
#	No photos, visual presentation could be better.

A more detailed analysis of advantages and disadvantages are shown below. 
	Strengths 
	Simple and efficient usage of the web-site for both service provider and service demander. 
	Trustworthy place to look for getting or giving services. 
	Time and energy saving 
	Accessible from everywhere via internet. 
	Weaknesses 
	Cannot see the offers without making a demand. 
	Safety issues(online shopping is not commonly used in Turkey) 
	Opportunuties 
	There is no dominant competitor in the market and the number of the competitor is relatively small.
	Limited. Just for Istanbul, does not include any other cities. We can be the first one provide this service to other cities.
	Threats 
	Although there is no much and dominant competitors in the market it is not an original idea.
	It is not widely used and known. 


*4. TECHNOLOGIES USED IN DEVELOPMENT*

	.NET, C#, 
	HTML, CSS, Javascript, AJAX, 
	SQL databases


==VOLUNTEERSMATCH.COM==

VolunteerMatch is a website that aims to enhance relationships in a community by connecting good people with good causes. Site is based on a volunteering and non-profit system. It enables to connect volunteers and non-profits with each other. By this way, VolunteerMatch aims to strengthen communities.
The main differences with our project is that
-  In our project, everyone should get and provide service whereas here it is not possible. 
- In our project, service was based on social credit, while here it is based on voluntariness. 

*1. USERS*
	Either volunteers or nonprofit organisations
	People that are volunteer to a service
	see the opportunities
	search for the appropriate opportunities by entering location and some keywords
	apply for the opportunity, that he/she is interested in
	write a motivation message in the application form that expresses his/her interest to the applied opportunity
	Non-profit organizations that offer  non-profit services
	present their profile which include a descriptive explanation of the non-profit organisation, organisation’s mission statement and its interest areas, its contact information (address, website, e-mail)
	publish opportunities for volunteers
	examine the applicants and select the most appropriate volunteers for the non-profit organisation

*2. DESIGN, USABILITY, ENVIRONMENT, SIZE, SUITABILITY*

	Design:  Simple. It is somehow a little bit complicated may be it is because the website is too much text-oriented. Still it is not hard to find your way in the website as the two options are very visible. 
	Usability: Easy to understand and use, user friendly.
	Environment: Web environment, easily accessible from everywhere.
	Size: Limited. Covers services just for USA. However, it has a number of partnerships and found to be the most popular volunteer match website according to a research conducted by Peter D HART RESEARCH Associates in June 2006.
	Suitability: Suitable for any other voluntarily based services exchange within a community.

*3. ADVANTAGES & DISADVANTAGES*

ADVANTAGES:
	Increases the productivity by encouraging people to be volunteer to do some work.
	Builds trust between neighbours.
	Enables people to get less hurt in times of economic stress & uncertainty because there are no official currency involved in this system.
	Helps the community to save money and resources 
	Stimulates the economies of economically depressed towns that have goods and services, but little official currency.
	Builds a sense of community by creating local relationships between the members of the community.
	Increases the self-esteem of the individuals by letting them to show their work to others and get credits in return.
	Creates a more caring community by giving opportunuties to people to help others.
DISADVANTAGES:
	Cannot see the offers without making a demand.
	No insurance! This system doesn’t guarantee an insurance for both provide and consume services.
	If you are a service provider and you get hurt while you are servicing, you may not demand anything from the consumer to cover your medical expenses.
	If you are a consumer, there is no guarantee that the service you have taken will satisfy you and you may not get help for further complications of the service.

*4. TECHNOLOGIES USED IN DEVELOPMENT*

	Jetty7.0.2.v20100331 web server (Jetty is a pure Java-based HTTP client/server, WebSocket client/server and servlet container (Application server) developed as a free and open source project as part of the Eclipse Foundation.)
	Java Server Pages ( JSP ) 
	SQL databases