=*Report of Meeting #8*=

*Meeting Date: 02.10.2012*

*Meeting Duration: 1 hour*

*Meeting Location: CMPE Lounge*

*Participants: Hakan Demir, Samet Serpil, Beste Başçiftçi, Sinan Narmanlı, Saper Sertoğlu, Mustafa Ertürk*

*Activities:*

  # Met with the new team member, Sarper.
  # Discussed the strategies that will be used during this semester while developing the project .
  # Revised the project requirements. Some has been discarded and some have been added. 
  # Arranged two subgroups, one for setting up the final requirements document and one for dedicing the milestones of the project.


=*Report of Meeting #7*=

*Meeting Date: 21.05.2012*

*Meeting Duration: 1 hour*

*Meeting Location: ETA A4*

*Participants: Eylül Taşyürek, Samet Serpil, Özgür Akçalı, Sinan Narmanlı*

*Activities:*

  # Requirements test cases are added.
  # An example code is uploaded to Google Source with Eclipse SVN Team Provider.
  # Every team member in meeting, checked in and out the code. 
  # Every team member in meeting used the code review facility of Google Source. 
  


=*Report of Meeting #6*=

*Meeting Date: 02.04.2012*

*Meeting Duration: 1 hour*

*Meeting Location: ETA A4*

*Participants: Eylül Taşyürek, Mustafa Ertürk, Hakan Demir*

*Activities:*

  # System Architecture is designed.
  # Google Code Page is updated.


=*Report of Meeting #5*=

*Meeting Date: 26.03.2012*

*Meeting Duration: 1 hour*

*Meeting Location: ETA*

*Participants: Beste Başçiftçi, Eylül Taşyürek*

*Issues&Decisions:*

  # We finished the use case diagram. 
  # We edited the web page and issues. 


=*Report of Meeting #4*=

*Meeting Date: 22.03.2012*

*Meeting Duration: 30 minutes*

*Meeting Location: Online*

*Participants: Eylül Taşyürek, Mustafa Ertürk, Pınar Kavak, Beste Başçiftçi, Hakan Demir, Samet Serpil, Sinan Narmanlı*

*Issues&Decisions:*

  # We decided to complete the assignment as subgroups. 
  # Issues are opened for jobs. 
  # We discussed the general aspects of three types of diagrams.  


=*Report of Meeting #3*=

*Meeting Date: 19.03.2012*

*Meeting Duration: 1 hour*

*Meeting Location: ETA A4*

*Participants: Eylül Taşyürek, Mustafa Ertürk, Beste Başçiftçi, Hakan Demir*

*Issues&Decisions:*

  # How to generate scenarios are decided.
  # Two different determined scenarios are developed.
  # Use Case Analysis is performed on the decided scenarios.
  # Requirements document will be updated with respect to the new changes. 

=*Report of Meeting #2*=

*Meeting Date: 12.03.2012*

*Meeting Duration: 1 hour*

*Participants: Eylül Taşyürek, Beste Başçiftçi, Hakan Demir, Samet Serpil, Sinan Narmanlı*

*Meeting Location: CMPE Lounge*


*Issues&Decisions:*
  # What should be/not be in the requirement document is decided.
  # The already written requirements are discussed and revised according to this decision. 
  # More requirements are discussed and determined in order to be more specific.
  # The format of the presentation is determined.
 

=*Report of Meeting #1*=

*Meeting Date: 05.03.2012*

*Meeting Duration: 0,5 hour*

*Participants: Eylül Taşyürek, Beste Başçiftçi, Hakan Demir, Sinan Narmanlı, Erdem Yılmaz*

*Meeting Location: ETA  A3*

*Issues&Decisions:*
  # First meeting with the project team.
  # Essentials of the domain analysis is discussed.
  # Distribution of the tasks for 2. assignment is revised.
  # The format of the presentation is determined.
  # Another meeting is be fixed in order to revise the presentation and domain analysis document. (05.03.2012 @ 22.00) 