==REQUIREMENTS==

===1. FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS===

1.1 SERVICE EXCHANGE 

1.1.1. Services should be offered and requested by system users.

1.1.2. Demanded services should be served by system users.

1.1.3. Services should be able to exchange between system users. Service demanders don’t necessarily have to offer any social services to service providers who fulfill their request.

1.1.4. Service providers should gain social credits.

1.1.5. Services shall be searchable by system users. 

1.1.6. Service demanders should rate the service providers  from one to ten scale according to quality of the services after the service is done and vice versa.

1.1.7 Social Services and Social Credits:

1.1.7.1 Any kind of services shall be named as social services.

1.1.7.2 All member shall have a certain amount  social credit points when they register the  system.( 30 points)

1.1.7.3 Any member who use anything other than social credit points in exchange for social services shall be discarded from the site.

1.1.8 Offer and Request a Service:

1.1.8.1 There is a quota for all services which is maximum 6 for offered services and 1 for requested services.

1.1.8.2 User should be able to learn owner of any service.

1.1.8.3 System should let users pin any point in the world   by providing them a map facility when they offer or request a service.

1.1.8.4 System should let users choose any date by providing them a calendar.

1.1.8.5 There should be a quota for every social services. For requested services this quota should be 1. For offered services the quota should be maximum 6.

1.2 USERS

1.2.1. There  shall be one type of system user: Member

1.2.2 System shall demand name, surname, phone number,  personal information at the about me section from the new member at the registration time.

1.2.3 Users should login the site by using e-mail address and password.

1.2.4 System shall allow each community member to publish their service offers and requests.

1.2.5 System shall give social credits to the users for services, which will be available on the profiles of the users.

1.2.6 All services shall have a certain and same community credit points per a service. (10 points per  service).

1.2.7 Members shall not get above 60 community credit points or get below 0 community credit points. Users shall be responsible for adjusting their community credit points.

1.2.8 User profiles shall include name, surname, rating of the member, personal information and comments about the user  and users social credit points. 

1.2.9 User should not be able to reach contact information of each other at first. However when they agree with  service exchange, their contact information should be accessible for each other. 

1.3 SEARCHING

1.3.1 System shall allow users to search within the published services.

1.3.2 System shall allow search with   location, date and service tags or any combination of these keywords.

1.3.3 System shall propose social services to the users when system doesn’t find the suitable match for that search or when user want related results in the given tags.

===2. NON-FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS===

2.1 USABILITY

2.1.1 System shall be a website.

2.1.2 System shall have a graphical user interface.

2.1.3 System shall allow multiple user access at the same time.  

2.2  EFFICIENCY

2.2.1 Web page shall be loaded at most 5 seconds.

2.2.2 The database system should be recovered from a possible breakdown.

2.3 SECURITY AND PRIVACY

2.3.1 Personal information shall not be shared with third parties. 

2.4 DEPENDABILITY 

2.4.1 The web site shall be compatible with last versions of the Chrome, Firefox and IE browsers.
 
2.4.2 The web page shall conform the W3C standards and must avoid usage of non-standard technologies.

2.4 RELIABILITY

2.5.1 Database shall be copied periodically in order to decrease mean downtime.  

2.5.2 The system shall be recovered from a possible database breakdown.